Ruby: Make links in CS section more descriptive (#28315)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: ruby/computer_science/a_very_brief_intro_to_cs.md

<div class="lesson-content__panel" markdown="1">
  1. Watch [Introduction to Algorithms by David Malan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hfOvs8pY1k) on TedEd to see how to think about algorithms.
  2. Watch [What is an Algorithm?](https://youtu.be/e_WfC8HwVB8) on YouTube for a more structured look at solving problems using algorithms.

>   3. Read this Quora answer about [the importance of algorithms in web development](https://qr.ae/py3NAc) to get some context for why we’re going over this stuff.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Read this Quora answer about [the importance of algorithms in web development](https://qr.ae/py3NAc) to get some context for why we're going over this stuff.
```
Just a small suggestion here to keep the apostrophe character as `'` (which we use throughout the curriculum) rather than `’` (which I guess is how it's formatted in Google Docs maybe? And that made it over in copy/paste)
